#### Background
- **Background**
The article discusses how student engagement with Large Language Models (LLMs) can stimulate creative/critical thinking and writing skills. Concerned about students cheating with LLMs that produce human-like and hard-to-detect outputs, along with their tendencies to generate false "facts", many educators have opted to ban them.

- **Existing Work**
Current works have not specifically addressed a method that can prevent cheating in student writing while enhancing students' critical thinking and writing abilities using these AI tools. Also, LLM outputs are sometimes too verbose and not well-suited for educational evaluation that focuses on critical thinking and independent writing skills.

#### Core Contributions
  - **Introducing the Probing Chain-of-Thought (ProCoT) method**
    - **Challenge 1: Preventing students from cheating with LLMs**
      Existing LLM limitations mean their generated outputs can be more easily distinguished from human writing to prevent cheating. By asking students to identify statements in their own work that can be substantiated or refuted with peer-reviewed references and comparing these outputs with the LLM generated ProCoT outputs, the method can prevent cheating.

    - **Challenge 2: Stimulating students' critical thinking and writing through interaction with LLMs**
      Empirical studies suggest that the interaction with LLMs can indeed facilitate students' critical thinking and writing skills. Compared to outputs generated solely by LLMs, students' ProCoT outputs showcased good creativity and critical thought.

#### Implementation and Deployment
The study was conducted across two different courses involving about 66 students. It demonstrated how the ProCoT method can help prevent student cheating and encourage their deeper thinking and argumentation. Students were asked to choose a question and produce an output using an LLM (mostly ChatGPT), which they then had to substantiate or refute with peer-reviewed references. The results showed a preference for students to answer in fewer words than LLMs, indicating a lean towards concise responses. Also, the limitations of LLMs were evident when comparing the LLM ProCoT outputs with students' own ProCoT outputs.

#### Summary
This paper introduces the ProCoT method, showing how LLMs can be harnessed to foster students' critical thinking and writing while preventing cheating. This method can help educators to make better use of these technological tools and cultivate students into better critical thinkers.