#### Background
- **Background**
The paper introduces AgentKit, a framework designed to enable the construction of a complex thought process through simple natural language prompts. Users can arrange nodes like LEGO pieces to create structured thought processes to enable various high-level functions such as hierarchical planning, reflection, and learning from interactions.

- **Existing Work**
Current tools might not support users in designing and customizing complex chains of agent actions through natural language prompting. Additionally, existing models may not support dynamic planning and learning on-the-fly from interactions.

#### Core Contributions
- **Introduced AgentKit**
  - **Challenge 1: Construction of Complex Thought Processes**
      AgentKit allows users to build agent tasks by stacking "nodes," each containing a natural language prompt for a specific subtask. This approach enables the construction of naturally structured thought processes and supports complex dynamic planning and reflection.

  - **Challenge 2: Involvement of Users without Programming Experience**
      Due to AgentKit's modular nature and intuitive design, users without programming experience can implement and fine-tune basic agents through a series of natural language prompts.

#### Implementation and Deployment
AgentKit successfully implements a multifunctional agent by creating complex flows of agent tasks through multiple nodes. It includes merging nodes to get and format information from the database into a single prompt so that the agent can learn from the data and can be further customized through additional coding if desired. The paper also demonstrates how an agent can be constructed using AgentKit to perform hierarchical planning, reflection, and learning from interactions. Specifically, the paper presents an application case of an agent in the Crafter simulation game, where the agent must respond at each step of the game based on the textual description of visual game observations and an instruction manual, generating actions. In terms of performance in the Crafter game, the AgentKit application outperforms existing models like SPRING, DreamerV3, EDE, DreamerV2, and ELLM in scores, rewards, and costs.

#### Summary
The paper presents a novel LLM prompting framework, AgentKit, addressing multifunctional agents, supporting the construction and fine-tuning of complex agent thought processes through modular components and intuitive designs. AgentKit shows potential in realizing advanced agent capabilities and lowering the entry barrier for users.