#### Background
- **Background**
The article addresses the challenge of verifying the authenticity and reliability of text generated by Large Language Models (LLMs), especially long-form text, where manually checking model outputs can be significantly arduous due to complex text and factual consistency evaluation.

- **Existing Work**
Existing research introduced strategies such as chain-of-thought to enhance controllability in executing complex tasks with LLMs and built modular pipelines to resolve sub-tasks step-by-step. However, these strategies do not effectively provide an intuitive evaluation and interactive operation for the factual consistency of LLM-generated texts.

#### Core Contributions
- **Introduced the RELIC Interactive System**
  - **Challenge 1: Enabling users to verify and steer the factual consistency of generated texts from language models**
      RELIC system's **Response View** section offers Keyword Annotation, Brushing for Questioning, and Editing functions which assist users in inspecting and editing generated text through visualization tools.

  - **Challenge 2: Improving the efficiency of users to examine and edit generated texts**
      By integrating a question-answering pipeline and interaction techniques, RELIC lets users interactively retrieve supporting and contradicting words and sentences (i.e., evidence) and provides the ability for users to perform what-if analysis and edit the generated texts to receive new self-consistency judgments.

#### Implementation and Deployment
Key features like Keyword Annotation display the proportions of different alternatives in samples through compact word-scale visualizations. Users can click on keyword annotations to inspect detailed alternative options lists. The usability and usefulness of RELIC were evaluated through user studies, with ten participants providing quantitative and qualitative feedback from multiple perspectives. The study confirmed both the usability of the system and the effectiveness of the proposed approach and offered insights for future human-LLM interaction research. Users can interact more actively with LLM generations using keyword annotation, brushing for questioning interaction, and the editing function.

#### Summary
RELIC is an interactive system that, through the factual consistency investigation of multiple samples, helps users verify and direct texts generated by LLMs.