#### Background
- **Background**
This article discusses the need for robotic agents to master common sense and long-term sequential decisions to solve daily tasks through natural language instruction. Large Language Models (LLMs) have made significant progress in natural language processing, and therefore people have tried to use LLMs to solve complex robot planning problems. However, despite the strong generalization ability of LLMs in understanding instruction tasks, the task plans generated by LLMs sometimes lack feasibility and correctness.

- **Existing Work**
Existing research such as template planning and expert-guided planning has achieved certain results in dealing with some daily instruction tasks, but these methods cannot truly understand instruction tasks (including the quantity of objects, prefix content, and dependencies between objects), so they still face long-term decision-making challenges and nomenclature diversity when faced with daily tasks beyond predefined types. Although LLMs have made progress in internalizing a vast amount of information and have been investigated to solve complex robot planning problems, generic LLMs are overly broad and lack robotics expertise, hence the plans they produce are often not practically executable by robots.

#### Core Contributions
  - **Introduced RoboGPT agent**
    - **Challenge 1: Enhance LLMs' planning capability with expertise in the robotics domain**
      The paper refines and enhances the LLMs planning process through a specially designed dataset of 67k daily instruction tasks, to ensure logical validity and optimal execution. After fine-tuning with this dataset, the LLM demonstrated improved performance in embodied instruction-following tasks.

    - **Challenge 2: Addressing the mapping of the instruction's targets to the objects in the environment challenge.**
      To solve the mapping challenge of instruction's target objects to objects in the environment, the article introduces environmental feedback and re-planning to align instruction task objects with the environment.

#### Implementation and Deployment
Experiments show that the RoboGPT agent outperformed existing SOTA methods on ALFRED daily tasks. The agent includes a RoboGPT planner, Re-Plan module, and RoboSkill. The RoboGPT planner, by fine-tuning and enhancing the Llama model on the collected 67K robot dataset, combines the world knowledge of LLMs with the expert knowledge of robots, capable of handling hundreds of complex daily tasks. The Re-Plan module, which has low computational requirements, allows the planning process to dynamically adapt to the environment, addressing the nomenclature diversity challenge of these instruction tasks. Additionally, the Roboskill module improved its navigation and interaction abilities by integrating the Fast SAM module. Overall, the RoboGPT agent showed superior performance compared to state-of-the-art (SOTA) models on both the ALFRED benchmark tasks and tasks involving generalization.

#### Summary
The paper presents an intelligent agent named RoboGPT that is designed for making embodied long-term decisions for daily instruction tasks. The agent combines the generic knowledge of LLMs with the professional knowledge in the robotics domain and introduces Re-Plan and RoboSkill modules to enhance the rationality and adaptability of task planning. On the ALFRED benchmark tests and generalization tasks, RoboGPT surpasses existing advanced methods.