#### Background
- **Background**
Despite LLMs, specifically GPT-4, reaching remarkable results in machine translation, they still contain errors. Significant improvements in translation performance can be achieved by feeding back error information into LLMs for self-correction.
- **Existing Work**
Previous work has not fully considered the potential optimization in various aspects of translation self-correction, such as clear evaluation, effective feedback, and model's self-correction abilities.

#### Core Contributions
- **The TER self-correcting translation framework based on LLM is proposed**
    - **Challenge 1: Lack of clear original translation assessment and ineffective feedback**
        By providing an additional estimation module and clear feedback, TER optimizes the systematicity and interpretability of self-correction in the translation process.

    - **Challenge 2: Limited improvement in translation quality**
        TER has demonstrated significant improvements in translation quality across various language pairs and different LLMs, particularly in terms of high-resource and low-resource languages as well as English-centric and non-English-centric translations.

#### Implementation and Deployment
The TER framework was evaluated across various language pairs and different LLMs, including ChatGPT, Gemini, and Claude. Results indicated that TER is more effective than baseline methods, especially in semantic-related metrics like COMET and BLEURT. Moreover, the paper conducted comprehensive performance evaluations of the three components of TER—Translate, Estimate, and Refine—under various prompting strategies for self-correction and cross-model correction and performed a detailed analysis of the estimation component to identify various types of translation errors.

#### Summary
The paper successfully introduced the first LLM-based self-correcting translation framework named TER, and demonstrated its effectiveness in improving translation quality across various language pairs and models. It opened new horizons in the field of machine translation, especially for the use of self-correction in translations between high-resource, low-resource languages, and translations involving different central languages.