#### Background
- **Background**       
    The paper points out that while Large Language Models (LLMs) have demonstrated robust problem-solving capabilities for diverse tasks, most LLM-based agents are designed as specific task solvers rather than agents capable of learning and evolving through interactions. These task solvers require manually crafted prompts to convey task rules and regulate LLM behavior, which are not capable of addressing complex dynamic scenarios like large interactive games.
- **Existing Work**
   Existing work is limited as LLM-based agents predominantly rely on sophisticated prompt engineering, including detailed task descriptions and behavioral specifications, and cannot learn and change behavior strategies from past experiences. Furthermore, these agents do not interact with task scenarios and are not able to learn and adjust their behaviors like humans through interaction.

#### Core Contributions
- **Introduced an agent named Agent-Pro, an LLM-based agent which can learn and evolve through policy-level reflection and optimization**
    - **Challenge 1: Insufficiency of action-level self-correction strategies to cope with complex interactive environments**
        Inspired by the Theory of Mind (ToM), Agent-Pro has the capacity to learn and evolve within environments, autonomously reflecting on past experiences, calibrating beliefs about itself and the environment, and optimizing its behavior policy without parameter tuning.

    - **Challenge 2: Intelligent agents are unable to deduce effective strategies from long action sequences**
        Agent-Pro performs policy-level reflection and optimization, autonomously "fine-tuning" its beliefs, searching for useful prompt instructions, and consolidating them into a new behavioral strategy.
  
#### Implementation and Deployment
As assessed across two games—Blackjack and Texas Hold'em—Agent-Pro performed impressively, outperforming vanilla LLMs and specialized models. The results demonstrate that Agent-Pro is capable of learning and evolving in complex and dynamic settings, which also benefits a wide range of LLM-based applications.

#### Summary
Agent-Pro represents a new type of LLM-based intelligence agent that can learn and develop strategies in interactive environments through policy-level reflection and optimization, addressing the issue of existing works' inability to learn through interaction and adapt.