#### Background
- **Background**
The paper addresses the challenges faced by Large Language Model (LLM) based agents in tool usage, such as inconsistency, redundancy, and incompleteness in tool documentation. The inconsistency in documentation formats from various sources poses new challenges for LLMs to understand tools. Tool documentation may also include a vast amount of redundant and non-useful information, making it difficult to grasp the functionality of tools.

- **Existing Work**
Existing methods, which typically use LLMs as controllers and feed tool descriptions as prompts to guide LLMs to understand and call tools, are limited by context sizes and tool documentation quality. This leads to some failed or incorrect tool invocation. Previous strategies of building synthetic datasets and fine-tuning LLMs to call tools aren't applicable to some of the more powerful, closed LLMs and can't be expanded to newer tools.

#### Core Contributions
  - **Introduced an approach named EASYTOOL**
      - **Challenge 1: Inconsistency**
        It transforms tool documentation from various sources into concise and unified tool instructions, which include standardized tool descriptions and guidelines for tool functionality to eliminate irrelevant content and keep only the core functionality of each tool.

      - **Challenge 2: Redundancy & Incompleteness**
        EASYTOOL provides detailed information for tool usage, such as parameters and their demonstrations generated by ChatGPT, which significantly reduces incorrect tool usage and boosts usage efficiency.

#### Implementation and Deployment
Extensive experiments across three distinct domain datasets demonstrate that EASYTOOL effectively and efficiently improves the capability of LLMs in tool utilization. The method can be generalized to open-source LLMs in a plug-and-play manner, enhancing their performance in tool utilization even without any tool documentation.

#### Summary
This paper proposes EASYTOOL, a method that enhances LLM-based agents' performance in tool usage by simplifying and unifying instructions from tool documentation, addressing the issues of inconsistency, redundancy, and incompleteness.