#### Background
- **Background**
The paper introduces Document-level Relation Triplet Extraction (DocRTE), a fundamental task in information systems that aims to extract entities with semantic relations from a document. The existing methods largely depend on significant amounts of fully labeled data. However, collecting and annotating data for emerging relationships is both time-consuming and labor-intensive.

- **Existing Work**
The existing work cannot solve the problem as they are mainly focused on sentence-level relationship extraction and assume that entities and relations are confined within single sentences, and the data obtained requires extensive manual annotation. However, in actual applications, many valuable relational facts are distributed across multiple sentences of a document, and these existing methods are unable to extract document-level relationship triplets, especially when it comes to unseen types of relationships.

#### Core Contributions
  - **Proposed a Zero-shot Document-level Relation Triplet Extraction (ZeroDocRTE) framework**
    - **Challenge 1: Automatic labeling of documents and generation of new relationships**
        In response to this challenge, a framework called GenRDK was proposed, which generates labeled data by Retrieval and Denoizing Knowledge from LLMs. Specifically, a chain-of-retrieval prompt was proposed to guide ChatGPT to generate labeled long-text data step by step.

    - **Challenge 2: Noise issue in synthetic data**
        To improve the quality of synthetic data, a denoising strategy based on the consistency of cross-document knowledge was proposed. First, a pre-denoising DocRTE model was trained with known relation data to obtain pseudo labels for synthetic data. Then, cross-document knowledge graphs were constructed according to pseudo labels and original labels of synthetic data, and reliability of relational facts was evaluated by calculating consistency scores, after which unreliable relational facts are pruned and synthetic data is relabeled.

#### Implementation and Deployment
By leveraging the denoised synthetic data, the paper further fine-tuned LLaMA2-13B-Chat for extracting document-level relation triplets. Experiments were performed for zero-shot document-level relation and triplet extraction on two public datasets. The results showed that the GenRDK framework outperformed strong baselines.

#### Summary
The paper presents a new Zero-shot Document-level Relation Triplet Extraction (ZeroDocRTE) framework that generates labeled data by Retrieval and Denoizing Knowledge from LLMs and significantly improves the performance of document-level relation triplet extraction through a series of novel methods.