#### Background
- **Background**     
The article presents a common approach in robotics where policies are trained for specific robots and tasks, requiring significant data collection per task and typically providing limited policy generalization capabilities. Challenges include various robot embodiments, sensor setups, action spaces, task specifications, environments, and compute budgets.

- **Existing Work**
Existing works have proposed robotic foundation models that can directly map robot observations to actions, offering zero-shot or few-shot generalization to new domains and robots. However, these models often constrain users to a predefined and usually restrictive set of input observations, such as a single camera stream; lack support for effective finetuning to new domains; and the largest of these models are not publicly available.

#### Core Contributions
  - **Octo, a generalist robot policy**
  - **Challenge 1: Handling diverse sensors and action spaces**
      Prior models face challenges when applied to different robots, environments, and tasks. Octo, as a transformer-based policy, has shown its effectiveness in handling diverse sensors and action spaces through extensive experiments on 800k robot demonstrations from the Open X-Embodiment dataset. It adapts to new robot setups with suitable adapters and finetuning with a small in-domain dataset.

  - **Challenge 2: Open source and user adaptability**
      Octo is the first GRP to be effectively finetuned to new observations and action spaces and the first open-source generalist robot manipulation policy, complete with training pipeline, model checkpoints, and data, providing unprecedented flexibility and adaptability to users.

#### Implementation and Deployment
Octo's experiments indicate state-of-the-art multi-robot control performance for single and dual-arm manipulation tasks tested across 9 robots from 4 institutions. It can serve as an effective initialization for finetuning to unseen setups. Additionally, a detailed study on different design decisions during the pretraining of GRPs evaluates the impact of data distribution, model architecture, and policy formulation choices on the quality of the pretrained GRP. The evaluation underscores the utility of scale and flexibility: the best models come from the broadest mix of data, with the least restrictive inductive biases that can accommodate the diversity found in the pretraining data.

#### Summary
The paper introduces Octo, a transformer-based policy that provides an open-source solution to a variety of robotic tasks, capable of adapting to new observations and action spaces through finetuning. It demonstrates superior performance on multiple robot platforms and encourages broad application and further development through its fully open source code.